Adding Crosscompiling section, Example Dockerfile (#19)
probe-rs/webpage: content/guide/4_development/crosscompiling.md

We will use a [**Raspberry pi 400**](https://www.raspberrypi.org/products/raspberry-pi-400/) as the target system as an example, where `cargo install cargo-flash` on a default **Raspberry PI OS** installation is not possible to pass the `rustc` final Linking step for `probe-rs` due to system memory limitations.

After defining the target system architecture, in this example being `armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabihf`, here are two different ways to Crosscompile, each with their pros and cons.

## Using Cross

[Cross](https://github.com/rust-embedded/cross) self defines as:

> “Zero setup” cross compilation and “cross testing” of Rust crates

It's main advantage is to **not be suseptible** on the usual cross compilation issues that arise **from using Host machine's shared object libraries**, by using a Docker image to build the static binary.

The downside of this approach is that **you will have to rely on the Cross Project** and **supply the build environment Dockerfile**, making sure that it resembles as much as possible the system you are building for with **a cross C toolchain installed**.

> Building `cargo-flash` for the Raspberry Pi 400, on an `x86_64` Linux System will happen as follows :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building `cargo-flash` for the Raspberry Pi 400, on an `x86_64` Linux System happens as follows:
```

```sh

> # Cloning cargo-flash on the system we will build the binary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Cloning cargo-flash on the system we will build the binary on.
```

git clone https://github.com/probe-rs/cargo-flash

# Installing cross
cargo install cross

> # CD into the cargo-flash repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# `cd` into the cargo-flash repository
```

> # And Create a `crossimage` folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# And create a `crossimage` folder
```

cd cargo-flash && mkdir crossimage

> # Create a Dockerfile resempling the target system,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a Dockerfile resembling the target system,
```

> # and put it inside the crossimage Folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# and put it inside the `crossimage` folder.
```

```

> We can take a `armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabihf` base system from the `rustembedded/cross` Docker hub container registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can take an `armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabihf` base system from the `rust-embedded/cross` Docker Hub container registry.
```

> Then, we need to follow the instructions to prepare it for building steps the image from the `probe-rs`, `cargo-flash` [prerequisites](https://github.com/probe-rs/cargo-flash#prerequisites).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, follow the instructions from the `probe-rs`, `cargo-flash` [prerequisites](https://github.com/probe-rs/cargo-flash#prerequisites) to prepare the image for the building steps.
```

> You can download the Dockerfile for this example from [here](/content/cross-dockerfile.txt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download the Dockerfile for this example from [here](/content/cross-dockerfile.txt).
```

```sh

> # Create and edit a Cross.toml file on the root of the cloned repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create and edit a Cross.toml file in the root of the cloned repo.
```

vim Cross.toml
```

> Add the following inside the **Cross.toml**. Which will define to `cross` which container should be used for the target Architecture :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following to the `Cross.toml`. Which will define to `cross` which container should be used for the target architecture:
```

> <pre>[target.armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabihf]
> image = "crossimage"</pre>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```toml
    [target.armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabihf]
    image = "crossimage"
    ```
```

```sh

> # Build and tag the container image, specifying the name as defined on Cross.toml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Build and tag the container image, specifying the name as defined in the `Cross.toml`.
```

docker build -t crossimage crossimage/

# Run cross to compile, cross arguments are the same as the `cargo` ones
cross build --release --target=armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabihf

# Done
```

> You will now have a statically built `cargo-flash` binary inside the `target/<architecture>/release` folder on the root directory of the cloned repo, which you can now move to the **Raspberry Pi 400** `Cargo bin Path` folder ( usually `~/.cargo/bin` ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You now have a statically built `cargo-flash` binary inside the `target/<architecture>/release` folder on the root directory of the cloned repo, which you can now move to the **Raspberry Pi 400** `cargo bin path` folder (usually `~/.cargo/bin`).
```

## Using LLVM

> As using `LLVM` for cosscompiling can go out of the scope of just generating a `cargo-flash` binary, Please follow the instructions on how to Crosscompile from the **LLVM** [guide](https://www.llvm.org/docs/HowToCrossCompileLLVM.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As using `LLVM` for cosscompiling can go out of the scope of just generating a `cargo-flash` binary, please follow the instructions on how to crosscompile in the **LLVM** [guide](https://www.llvm.org/docs/HowToCrossCompileLLVM.html).
```
